README.md, before:

[![Go](https://github.com/AndriyKalashnykov/gotest/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/AndriyKalashnykov/gotest/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
[![Release Go project](https://github.com/AndriyKalashnykov/gotest/actions/workflows/release.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/AndriyKalashnykov/gotest/actions/workflows/release.yml)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/AndriyKalashnykov/gotest/branch/master/graph/badge.svg?token=Q12E11KJ74)](https://codecov.io/gh/AndriyKalashnykov/gotest)
[![Open in Visual Studio Code](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?logo=visualstudiocode&label=&message=Open%20in%20Visual%20Studio%20Code&labelColor=2c2c32&color=007acc&logoColor=007acc)](https://open.vscode.dev/AndriyKalashnykov/gotest)
[![Hits](https://hits.seeyoufarm.com/api/count/incr/badge.svg?url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2FAndriyKalashnykov%2Fgotest&count_bg=%2333CD56&title_bg=%23555555&icon=&icon_color=%23E7E7E7&title=hits&edge_flat=false)](https://hits.seeyoufarm.com)
# Test project in Go

## Installation

### Binaries

Use wget to download the pre-compiled binaries:

```bash
VERSION=v0.0.9
wget -q https://github.com/AndriyKalashnykov/gotest/releases/download/${VERSION}/gotest_${VERSION}_$(echo $(uname))_$(uname -m).tar.gz -O - |\
    tar -xz && sudo mv gotest /usr/local/bin/gotest
```
### Source

#### Native Go installation:

To build `gotest` from source, first install the [Go
toolchain](https://golang.org/dl/). You can then install the latest `gotest` from
Github using:

```bash
go install github.com/AndriyKalashnykov/gotest@latest
```

### Build from sources

```bash
git clone git@github.com:AndriyKalashnykov/gotest.git
cd gotest
docker run --rm -v `pwd`:/host golang:1.18 bash -c "cd /host && go build ."
```

### Docker Image

```bash
docker pull ghcr.io/nukleros/operator-builder
```

#### One-shot container use

```bash
docker run --rm -v "${PWD}":/workdir ghcr.io/andriykalashnykov/gotest [flags]
```

#### Run container commands interactively

```bash
docker run --rm -it -v "${PWD}":/workdir --entrypoint sh ghcr.io/andriykalashnykov/gotest
```


### Create release

Create release

```bash
make release
```

### TODO:

* [random-standup](https://github.com/jidicula/random-standup/tree/main/.github/workflows)
* [create-go-app/cli](https://github.com/create-go-app/cli)

Commit message:

feature: added struct tag example
Signed-off-by: Andriy Kalashnykov <AndriyKalashnykov@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

[![Go](https://github.com/AndriyKalashnykov/gotest/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/AndriyKalashnykov/gotest/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
[![Release Go project](https://github.com/AndriyKalashnykov/gotest/actions/workflows/release.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/AndriyKalashnykov/gotest/actions/workflows/release.yml)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/AndriyKalashnykov/gotest/branch/master/graph/badge.svg?token=Q12E11KJ74)](https://codecov.io/gh/AndriyKalashnykov/gotest)
[![Open in Visual Studio Code](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?logo=visualstudiocode&label=&message=Open%20in%20Visual%20Studio%20Code&labelColor=2c2c32&color=007acc&logoColor=007acc)](https://open.vscode.dev/AndriyKalashnykov/gotest)
[![Hits](https://hits.seeyoufarm.com/api/count/incr/badge.svg?url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2FAndriyKalashnykov%2Fgotest&count_bg=%2333CD56&title_bg=%23555555&icon=&icon_color=%23E7E7E7&title=hits&edge_flat=false)](https://hits.seeyoufarm.com)
# Test project in Go

## Installation

### Binaries

You can find prebuilt `gotest` binaries on the [releases page](https://github.com/AndriyKalashnykov/gotest/releases).

You can download and install a binary locally like this:

```bash
./hack/get-gotest.sh
```

### Source

#### Native Go installation:

To build `gotest` from source, first install the [Go
toolchain](https://golang.org/dl/). You can then install the latest `gotest` from
Github using:

```bash
$ go install github.com/AndriyKalashnykov/gotest@latest
```

### Build from sources

```bash
git clone git@github.com:AndriyKalashnykov/gotest.git
cd gotest
docker run --rm -v `pwd`:/host golang:1.17 bash -c "cd /host && go build ."
```

### Create release

Create release

```bash
make release
```

### TODO:

* [random-standup](https://github.com/jidicula/random-standup/tree/main/.github/workflows)
* [create-go-app/cli](https://github.com/create-go-app/cli)
